hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2012 film The Dark Knight
Rises the third film in The Dark Knight
series so let's get started
the summary does rely in part that
you've seen the previous films if you'd
like to see some summaries please check
out the links below the film takes place
eight years after the previous movie
with Gotham police eradicating organized
crime Bruce Wayne has become a recluse
broken by the death of Rachel and has
hung up the Batman mantle a burglar
Selina Kyle
aka Catwoman takes Bruce's fingerprints
and kidnaps a congressman
Catwoman gives Bruce's fingerprints to
Phillip Stryver the assistant of Bruce's
business rival John Daggett in return
Catwoman asks for her criminal record to
be erased Stryver double-crosses Selina
however and tries to have her arrested
the police arrive finding the
congressman and strivers men follow
Catwoman into a sewer a mercenary named
Bane captures Commissioner Gordon but
Gordon escapes and is found by a patrol
officer John Blake Gordon promotes Blake
to Detective with Blake reporting
directly to him Bane using Bruce's
fingerprints forges a transaction in
bankrupt
Bruce is torn by the things that are
going on in Gotham and in an effort to
convince him to move on Alfred resigns
Wayne Enterprises has become
unprofitable after they discontinued
their fusion reactor project after Bruce
discovered that the core could be
weaponized
Bruce fears that Bane and his employer
Daggett would get access to the reactor
so Bruce has Miranda Tate take over the
company Bruce as Batman is lured into a
trap by Bane and Catwoman Bane reveals
to Batman that he plans to fulfill the
plan of Rachele Ghul the leader of the
League of Shadows the villain from the
first film Bane plans to destroy Gotham
and cripples Batman then places him in a
foreign prison where Escape is nearly
impossible in the foreign prison batman
has told the story of racial ghouls
child who is born in the prison and is
the only person to have ever escaped
that man believes that this child is
bane back in Gotham Bane is able to lead
the police underground and traps them
there bane kills the mayor and forces a
Russian nuclear physicist to convert the
Wayne Enterprise reactor into a nuclear
bomb Bane uses the bomb to hold the city
hostage and isolate it from the rest of
the world Bane reveals that dent was
actually the murderer at the end of the
Dark Knight film and not Batman and a
large amount of prisoners are released
from Blackgate sending Gotham into a
state of anarchy the rich are dragged
from their homes put on trial where dr.
crane aka scarecrow is the judge and
they are all sentenced to death after
spending months recovering and training
batman escapes from prison he enlists
the help of Catwoman detective Blake the
current Wayne Enterprise CEO Miranda
Tate Commissioner Gordon and Lucius Fox
all to help him stop the detonation of
the nuclear device while the police and
the criminals fight Batman finds bein in
overpowers him Batman interrogate Spain
for the bombs trigger but Miranda Tate
intervenes and stabs Batman Miranda
reveals herself to be Talia al Ghul
Rachele ghouls daughter
Bane was her protector and he helped her
escape from prison
Talia attempts to use the remote
detonator but Gordon is able to block
the signal
Talia leaves to find the bomb and
detonate it manually while Bane prepares
to kill Batman Catwoman intervenes and
kills Bane Batman and Catwoman pursue
Talia hoping to take the bomb back to
restabilized in its reactor Talia's
truck crashes and before she dies she
remotely destroys the reactor giving
them no way to stop the bombs
destruction Batman flies the bomb over
the bay where the bomb is detonated
after the explosion
Batman is presumed dead and is honored
as a hero Wayne Manor is converted into
an orphanage and Alfred inherits Bruce's
belongings
Gordon discovers that the bat signal has
been repaired and Alfred finds Bruce and
Catwoman alive when he is visiting floor
the film ends with detective John Blake
resigning from the police force
inheriting the Batcave presumably taking
on the role of Robin so that was the
spoilers for The Dark Knight Rises if
you have another film you'd like to see
me spoil please let me know in the
comments below check out movie's spoiler
alerts on our various forms of social
media listed below and remember to like
and subscribe thanks for watching